Docs/inference graph (#4609)
bentoml/BentoML: examples/inference_graph/README.md

This is a sample project demonstrating model inference graph of [BentoML](https://github.com/bentoml)
with Huggingface Transformers.

> In this project, we will use pretrained text generation models and a pretrained text classification model. We will then build a service that accepts a text input, passes the input to the two text generation models,
> classify each generated paragraph with the classification model, and return both generated paragraphs with their classification
> scores. The service will be served via HTTP and containerized as a docker image for production deployment.

Reviewer: This is a little difficult to read. I suggest using bullet points here.

```suggestion
In this project, we will use pretrained text generation models and a pretrained text classification model to build multiple Services. You will learn how to use these Services to:

- Accept a text input and pass the input to the two text generation models
- Classify each generated paragraph with the classification model
- Return both generated paragraphs with their classification
- Serve the models locally via HTTP

These Services can be deployed to BentoCloud or containerized as an OCI-compliant image.
```

    @bentoml.api()
    async def generate_score(self, original_sentence: str = "I have an idea!") -> t.List[t.Dict[str, t.Any]]:
        generated_sentences = [ # type: ignore
            result[0]["generated_text"]
            for result in await asyncio.gather( # type: ignore
                self.gpt2_generator.to_async.generate( # type: ignore
                    original_sentence,
                    max_length=MAX_LENGTH,
                    num_return_sequences=NUM_RETURN_SEQUENCE,
                ),
                self.distilgpt2_generator.to_async.generate( # type: ignore
                    original_sentence,
                    max_length=MAX_LENGTH,
                    num_return_sequences=NUM_RETURN_SEQUENCE,
                ),
            )
        ]

        results = []
        for sentence in generated_sentences: # type: ignore
            score = await self.bert_classifier.to_async.classify_generated_texts(sentence) # type: ignore
            results.append(
                {
                    "generated": sentence,
                    "score": score,
                }
            )

        return results
```

> To serve the model locally, run `bentoml serve .`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To serve the models locally, run `bentoml serve .`
```
